it's our Summer of Love Tour which you
can tell the casinos that don't serve
alcohol because this is a stiff crowd
this is these people some of them suck
some in the car and you cook just a
couple of hits on their way in if some
of you were ice fishing so you're
shit-faced on schnapps I know that and
others of you are just saying well they
should have a drink you can't have a
drink because it's gonna because of the
way you like people carry on when you do
get shit-faced yes that's right so I
just want you to know that if you clean
up your damn mat then we'll be able to
sell you alcohol too here at the casino
yes you've got to get better about it
and then you know more that damn
fighting you just it should be yeah yeah
yeah we not to fighting sue though What
did he say
whitey the writing whitey the fighting
wife fighting whitey hit that would be a
great yeah great name or the tidy
whities yeah yes that's a mighty to the
fighting they always come up a little
short I don't know I don't know about
you but I don't know any Indians were
offended by fighting suit no I like
fighting sue and I got nothing against
it we like people should just get over
that right away and it's it's not people
here in Devil's Lake it's the people
over in the the county seat I don't know
I don't know where they are but I heard
that the legislature now has taken cept
in and and and made a decree that they
have to keep the fighting suit yes well
they can kiss my ass because the
legislature got nothing to do with the
fighting soon no right that's right
exactly I don't know why I said that I
guess it did it's a state support at
school I guess they could say that yes
and they would have a kiss your entire
an exacta
and you got high cheekbones answer all
four of them and while and while you're
down there listen whatever whatever
happens happens